[ALL]
Thank you for the food!
[ALAS RAMUS]
[ALAS RAMUS gobbling]
Mama! Tofu me!
[EMI]
You got it! Comin' right up.
[gasps] Bad! Mine!
Don't blame me.
I told Alciel to leave
the ginger bud off mine.
He knew I was going to be
sharing with Alas Ramus.
Mmm-hmm.
I'm helping.
Nobody likes a picky eater,
so I'm saving her the hardship.
Thoughtful, but still.
I think ginger buds may be
a little too intense for a baby.
Preach, sister.
It's too intense for me, too.
No surprise.
You're quite
the infant yourself.
To be frank,
they're a bit much for me, too.
Say it's not so, Sire!
[NEWSCASTER 17A] In other news,
firework season is upon us.
Chances are,
there will be a spectacular show
in your area.
[SUZUNO]
A refined custom.
I'd love to experience it
in the flesh.
[URUSHIHARA]
You can count me out.
Too many people.
[ASHIYA] I would not take you
even if you begged me.
-[URUSHIHARA] Huh? Why not?
-[ALAS giggling]
[ASHIYA] You know good
and well why not!
[ALAS]
Mmm.
[MAOU]
Can I help you?
[EMI]
Don't freak out,
but, I'm gonna stay
at my parents' place
for a while.
[ALL]
Huh?
Me and mama gonna go!
This trip.
So, what was the impetus?
[MAOU, CHIHO]
Um...
I'm just sick of not knowing
what to do.
♪
My life's purpose
was to defeat the Devil.
But then, Alas Ramus showed up,
and things got a hell
of a lot more complicated.
And now we've got
all these angels and demons
coming out of the woodwork,
and stirring up trouble.
To be honest,
I'm fed up with these randos
messing with my life.
It's an ass whip.
I need a break, so I might
as well go to Ente Isla.
If I retrace Lailah's--
Or should I say,
my mom's footsteps,
it might help me
figure things out.
You believe Lailah
holds the secrets
you wish to unlock?
Yeah.
The sword, and the Yesod shards.
About Heaven and the demons.
Hey, I'm not counting on
some big answer,
but maybe I'll get lucky.
Well, uh, is it okay
if I see you off?
That's so sweet.
Emerada's opening the Gate
Monday afternoon.
I believe you'll still be
in school then.
I appreciate it, though.
Oh.
Don't fret.
I'll see her off for you.
There's no need to be sad.
The very latest I would get back
is the morning of the 12th.
The 12th, huh?
Yeah, that's right.
Your joint birthday party
with Chi.
[SUZUNO]
Ah, yes.
I suppose your birthday
would be in the autumn
by this world's calendar.
♪
[EMI]
I'm gonna be fine.
I am the strongest hero
in history, you know?
Plus, I won't try anything
too risky with the baby there.
I'm basically going to clean up
my folks' old house.
I'll come back soon.
Okay, I trust you.
While you're away,
I should try and perfect
my "kid curry" recipe.
It'll be a hit!
Huh?
Kid curry? No, don't eat kids.
Nobody's eating kids, sleepy.
Welp, it's time for beddy-bye.
See you next week
for the party, Chiho.
Bel, I'll message you later.
Night-night, guys!
Night, Dada! Night, Chi-mi!
Night, Suzu-mi! Bye-bye!
[door closes]
[MAOU]
I'm home.
[ASHIYA]
Looking radiant as always, Sire!
Have you been huffing
cleaning supplies?
Oh, please, I'm simply glad
to be rid of Emilia.
A moment of peace!
I've been holding on to this
for a special occasion!
Let us splurge.
And indulge in a feast
of grilled organ meats!
Hey, boss,
I messaged you asking
to bring me home some flan,
did you miss it?
Must have.
Argh.
And the one time
that mom lets me get
a sweet little treat!
[grunts]
Is something wrong?
Growling? Chill out.
The second she leaves,
you'd blow our budget?
I have been busting my ass
getting her to trust you jerks!
Do you wanna prove her right
that demons
need a babysitter?
-[door slams]
-Be silent you fools,
you're bothering the neighbor!
[CHIHO]
It's that time.
[ring clinks]
When Miss Yusa passes
through the Gate,
I wonder if it'll do something.
[whirring]
[gasps]
♪
-[gasps]
-[phone vibrating]
Hmm.
I hope Ente Isla's peaceful
for her.
And she and Alas Ramus
get there safe.
♪
[ASHIYA]
Your Majesty,
it's time you take a break
from your studies.
Yeah, you're right.
I can't believe the Devil
is asking the government
for permission to do anything.
Let alone to drive a moped.
Silence, you ingrate!
Don't discourage
your lord's efforts!
Are you sure that
you wanna get the license
and start delivering?
I know you're MgRonald's
best boy and all,
but are ya lookin'
for extra work?
I've been getting
assigned shift manager
more and more recently.
I need to be ready to cover
if anyone's out.
It's part of being responsible.
Sire, your allegiance
is admirable!
Thanks, but I'm just trying
to do my job, so.
Huh?
It would seem Emilia
hasn't returned just yet.
How weird.
[birds chirp]
[knocks at door]
Good day.
Have you seen any sign of her?
Still not back, huh?
There's been no correspondence,
either.
I thought
she might have phoned you, but.
She would never reach out to us
over you or Chi.
You should try
getting in contact with Emerada.
I did try, and she's not
answering as well.
[gasps]
It's a dance.
Ente Isla's in turmoil.
Send out too many idea links,
and the wrong person
might detect them.
Yeah, like our old buddy Olba.
Emilia has bested your armies
and archangels.
So an incident that would
warrant radio silence from her
would surely be apocalyptic.
If she is wounded,
Ente Isla is done for.
When you get fully powered up,
you can open gates, right?
Here's my idea.
Get jacked up with Suz's
celestial force juice again
and get your mojo back.
Boom.
Then you can check out Ente Isla
for yourself.
That's not gonna work.
[SUZUNO]
He is correct.
I can't do it without Emilia.
I doubt I possess
half the power she has.
It wouldn't be enough
to overload him.
Well, that blows.
I thought
I was really doing something.
Wait a sec,
are you suggesting
I need to go save her?
You ordered flan when she left,
and we don't even know
if she's hurt.
At the heart of all this,
she and I are enemies.
I don't give a damn
what the humans
in Ente Isla are doing.
If they're duking it out
in world war whatever,
let 'em fight.
Even if Emi is in trouble
over there.
There's nothing
that I can do here.
And regardless,
it isn't my concern.
But Satan, you don't...
[exhales]
That's all I have to say.
If she doesn't show up,
the party will
be canceled, right?
I've gotta study for my moped
license test tomorrow.
Tell me.
What if Chiho approached you?
Would your tune change?
[gasps]
I might word it more gently,
but I'd tell her the same.
-[CHIHO] Mister Maou.
-[MAOU gasps]
♪
It's Miss Sasaki.
Damn,
so we're playing dirty now.
Chi, I...
Don't lie.
I know you would never ever
break a promise.
You're too good of a guy
to do that.
[gasps]
[CHIHO] When I got kidnapped,
do you remember what you said?
The amazing present
that you gave us?
You said that me, Miss Suzuno,
and Miss Yusa were
all your generals now.
You promised to show us
a new world
if we stayed by your side.
You poor dear.
Alas Ramus is in that big,
scary place with her.
Don't pretend.
I know that you're worried
about both of them.
It's hard for all of us.
So don't lie.
-[sobs]
-There, there.
This was my plan.
Don't blame Miss Suzuno,
because I'm the one
who asked her to do it.
I tricked you guys.
I'm sorry.
I'll evaluate the best course
of action on my end.
Excuse me.
[MAOU grunts]
Shit!
[ASHIYA]
Your Majesty, if I may--
[MAOU]
Oh, great.
You gonna tell me
to go save Emi, too?
[ASHIYA]
No.
Because in my humble opinion,
we have far graver matters
at hand.
Huh?
She is strong.
Even our mightiest troops
couldn't defeat her.
But if humans are warring
with their own kind
in Ente Isla,
and anything poses a threat
to Emilia,
that indicates to us
someone is not fighting fair.
She has enemies in the Church
and in Heaven itself.
Now in the Malebranche, as well.
She is a target.
If any of them are keen
on her whereabouts,
and see she's in Ente Isla,
they'll use this time to attack.
[MAOU] No way
they could beat her in a fight.
But maybe,
they could take hostages.
You think somebody got Emerada?
It needn't be someone so strong.
Anyone she cares for would do.
A person who's well-being
would make her think twice.
The list is near endless.
I guess,
but why would the Ente Islans
go that far to hurt her?
She's the freakin' hero
who saved their world.
What you sent Farfarello
home with,
the news of Bel and Emilia
becoming your demon generals.
I fear that it was unwise.
Yeah, I mean, I got carried away
in the moment for sure,
but I did all that
to protect Chi
and to keep
any of Farfarello's friends
from showing up in Japan.
[MAOU gasps]
Hold on!
Oh, crap.
You think that news made it back
to the humans?
And now Emi and Suz
are traitors?
Some have always harbored doubt.
I'm sure they'll use this
to try to bring down the Hero.
[MAOU]
And Emi and Suz realized that?
[ASHIYA]
I assume so, yes.
But they were willing
to take on the danger
for Miss Sasaki's sake.
Didn't Emilia herself
mention returning home
because she was tired
of playing defense here?
I believe she and Bel
work rather hard
to protect our status quo.
They want to preserve
this lifestyle
where, as incompatible and
prone to bickering as we are,
we sit at the same table.
Where the hell
did I put that thing?
I know I left it in here
last time.
It's no time
for aimless rummaging!
The adults are having
a discussion!
He's fine.
Well, go on.
Right!
On a human battlefield,
Emilia will always prevail.
That said,
certain forces value her
for more
than her prowess in combat.
[MAOU]
The angels?
That's all speculation.
You guys are just too used
to these cushy, Japanese trains
that are always on schedule.
People can run late, you know.
That's weirdly optimistic
coming for you.
Even if there's a hostage,
Emi's fine.
There's no one there or here
for that matter
who could kill her.
Even worst-case scenario,
she's still alive.
That means baby's chilling.
Not that she can't kick ass,
too.
If Emi was in some
kinda trouble,
she wouldn't want
your help anyway, dude.
Hey, guys, listen.
Sire!
Hm?
Thanks a lot.
You both calmed me down
and I needed that.
For now, I'll concentrate
on my test.
Whenever she does get back,
I'll rub my license in her face,
"try being late with this!"
[ASHIYA]
May you return victorious, Sire.
It's not war, man.
Just a license.
-Oops!
-[thuds]
[MAOU chuckles]
Maybe I'm a little more nervous
than I let on.
It's often beneficial
to be on your toes.
I'm sure you'll pass the test.
As always, you have
my undying faith, Sire.
Welp, see ya.
♪
[ANNOUNCER 17A]
Stopping at Tenmondai-mae.
[TSUBASA]
[panting] Look, Dad, we made it!
Don't be a slow poke!
Hurry, hurry!
[brakes hissing]
Huh?
[TSUBASA sniffing]
Whoa, hey!
Oh, I'm terribly sorry, sir.
[MAOU]
These ain't locals.
[HIROSHI]
Tsubasa, apologize to him.
Okay! I will, Dad!
Sorry, Mister!
[MAOU sighs]
[ANNOUNCER 17A]
Next stop, Shikenjo-Seimon.
Exit here for the
Driver's License Headquarters--
-[MAOU] Well, that's me!
-Huh?
[ANNOUNCER 17A]
Thank you for traveling with us.
Perfect.
They should be dry by afternoon.
-[RIKA] Uh?
-Huh?
[ASHIYA]
Miss Suzuki?
[MAOU] There's still some time
before my turn.
Hmmm.
[TSUBASA]
You're here for a license, too?
[MAOU gasps]
How many times have you tested?
This is going to be me
and Dad's tenth time!
The big "one-zero!"
Tenth?
Uh, this is only
my first attempt.
[TSUBASA] My Dad can't read
kanji too good yet.
So, I came to be
his super-reader-helper!
[MAOU]
Uh, that's nice.
Would be a lot nicer
if I'd studied.
[MAOU]
Good luck to ya.
Got a name? What is it?
Yeah, uh...
Mine's Ah--
I mean, mine's Tsubasa Satou.
Huh?
[TSUBASA]
Dad's Hiroshi Satou!
Cool.
Nice to meet you. I'm, Maou.
Are you some kinda demon king?
[thuds]
[MAOU gasps]
Sounds like the name
of a final boss in a video game!
I'm sorry, no cool demon kings
around here.
[sniffing]
[shrieks]
You can't go sniffing strangers!
Be careful.
You don't want to stand out.
His smell,
it's almost like I remember it
from somewhere.
It was warm and cozy.
A place from a long time ago.
[bicycle bells rings]
[RIKA giggles]
[ASHIYA]
Have some tea.
[RIKA]
Oh, thank you.
How were you able
to locate our domicile?
I exchanged contact info
with Suzuno
when we went TV shopping.
Don't get me wrong, I felt bad
about showing up at your place
without giving you
a good heads up.
But, uh, I felt like I had
to do something.
You're here about Yusa.
Mmm-hmm.
So, please, tell me that
you've heard from her.
We can't get
a single message through.
None of them are even
showing up as "read."
I went to her place,
but, nothing.
She's been gone from work
without taking leave
for a long time now.
Her folks, they don't live here,
they're pretty far abroad,
right?
Yes, that's right.
She said
she had some family business.
But because her family is so far
and most of her friends
are from work,
we're all worried
that if something bad
had happened to her,
we wouldn't hear about it
soon enough
to help her out
when she needs us most.
I do apologize.
But I'm afraid none of us here
know anything more than you.
Maybe we should start
to consider calling the police.
Friends aren't supposed
to drop all contact with you
-for an entire week!
-[ALL] Huh?
Pardon, will you repeat
that time frame?
When did you two last talk?
[RIKA]
I told you, it's been a week.
[SUZUNO]
U-Understood, thank you.
That's valuable information.
Do you recall the exact date
and time you heard from her?
It was sometime
last Friday night.
[SUZUNO] Uh, we haven't heard
from her in two weeks.
We lost touch with her
the Friday before last.
Or rather, that's the date
she told us
we could anticipate her return.
I suppose
it's been three weeks now.
[RIKA]
Really?
Did she call, or what?
[RIKA]
Yeah, she did.
I'll show you.
[SUZUNO]
An unknown number?
Could it have been someone
posing as her, instead?
Not a chance.
It was Emi's voice.
Plus, she said her name
before I could even get
a hello in.
She sounded the same
as she always does.
Not to pry,
but what was it that you spoke
with her about?
Uh, she just wanted to know
if she could swap shifts
with me.
-[ASHIYA, SUZUNO] Huh?
-Hmm.
♪
Uh-oh.
[KAORI]
What is it?
[CHIHO] It was so sunny
just a minute ago.
[KAORI] The forecast said
it wouldn't rain
until the afternoon.
[URUSHIHARA]
Anything unusual about the call?
She might've sounded a little
bit far away from the phone.
And her voice
was kind of breathy.
She was talking faster
than usual, too.
But she's dealing
with some tricky stuff overseas,
so I didn't think much of it.
Curious, what caused her
to choose Rika?
Huh?
[rain pattering]
Excuse me,
there's laundry to save.
[SUZUNO]
Oh, dear.
I believe I left my window open.
One moment, please.
You live here. You should help.
Fine.
Hm?
A lady's present!
Have some decency, please!
I've seen undies before!
-It's no sweat.
-[window closes]
Oh, wowza.
Look at that sky.
I don't think the weather report
predicted this much rain.
[door slams]
Emergency!
[gasps] What happened?
Take this.
Uh, this is...
Y'all's booster, right?
An SOS. From Chiho.
A successful idea link.
Right now,
you're our only option.
Let's fly.
Do you know
where she goes to school?
Maybe. I hope.
It's Sasahata North, right?
I'm pretty confident
I know where that is.
Wait, Chi?
The same one I know?
Go! She's in need! Hurry!
In time, Rika,
I shall explain this all to you,
but for now, we must depart.
The damage could be great.
It may very well extend
beyond her school by now.
[URUSHIHARA, SUZUNO]
Hmm.
[URUSHIHARA, SUZUNO gulping]
[wind howling]
[SUZUNO, URUSHIHARA]
Divine Boots of Light!
[whooshing]
♪
-[ASHIYA sighs]
-Huh?